thank you to MSI for sending us here
this year we would not be here without
them also thank you to Linda calm
welcome to the Silverstone booth where
we'll be checking out the X forma mbx
mk2 limited-edition case a new 700 watt
FS FX - L power supply and a new r vo
one case now the X forma case previously
known as the murder box mark 2 is
finally finished this is what it will
look like and it is actually coming soon
I know this has been like five years in
the making
there was a pre-order back in I believe
2013 and everyone saw the million dollar
PC post back in I believe 2013 as well
but it's actually coming now this is the
first production unit this has the
serial number on the back of zero zero
one this is the real deal being 250
units only at least in the first run and
it will cost one thousand two hundred
and fifty US dollars not cheap but super
badass and that's just the base model it
comes with a lot of add-ons as you guys
can see there's the light plate in the
middle that's an add-on and it's not
cheap you can see the cool fan design at
the top that's an add-on and it's not
cheap if you're investing in this case
it will be a lot of money but it will
look super badass I'm sure you guys have
actually seen the old kind of murder box
style golden builds that Charles had a
long time ago
this one here orange and black I like
the style looks a lot like our colors
look super sick next up is at 700 watt
SFX - el power supply now don't confuse
it with the 600 watt power supply we've
reviewed in the SFX form factor this one
has a little bit lower power density at
531 watts per liter compared to the 600
watt which was 756 watts per liter I
know it's a little bit weird of a way to
define things but I think it shows on
just how much power they fit inside a
tiny box so I don't actually mind that
metric now if you're wondering what the
heck is up with SFX - el silverstone is
going to be trying to get the whole
industry to kind of come together and
start calling power supplies that are a
little bit longer but still sfx form
factor SFX - el but we'll see how
successful they are with that compared
to the 80 plus gold rating on their 600
watt SFX power supply this one has an 80
plus platinum rating and this is the
first one to have two different plug
harnesses for PCIe power on the 600 watt
you could plug in a graphics card that
had an 8 pin and 6 pin plug
this time you could plug in two graphics
cards that are like that or maybe a
graphics card that requires three plugs
next up is the AR vo one maybe not as
exciting as the x4 McKay's or the crazy
high debt power density power slide that
we saw previously but still relatively
interesting entry-level case just to
rile up some specs as it isn't crazy
different from previous Ravan Edition
cases you've got for Drive slots each of
which can hold either a three and a half
inch drive or a two and a half inch
drive two of which are in kind of a bay
and two of which are against one of the
case reinforcing structure walls right
in the front you can fit standard ATX
motherboards or even some that are a
little bit wider like some of those ROG
boards it comes with three
120-millimeter fans in the bottom but
only supports a 240 millimeter radiator
so if you do buy a radiator that comes
with two fans you can install that in
the bottom and then take the two fans
that were there and install that one of
those in the back of the case one of
those in the top of the case where there
are available slots and then leave that
last remaining fan there the reason why
you can't install a 360 rad there is
just some minor clearance issues it can
fit 300 millimeter graphics cards it can
fit a full-size power supply it has a
triple fan filter on the bottom and a
cool looking red LED in the front with
an aggressive look on the front of the
computer and the top of the computer I'm
not going to spend too much time on the
rvo one as the juice from this video is
really the xform a case and the 700 watt
little tiny power support let me know in
the description below what you guys
think about the mark 2 finally coming
out I'm excited to see hopefully every
single one of those 250 cases getting
built bugs and Linus tech tips for them
because damn it's beautiful and I just
really want to see it
thanks to MSI for bringing us to this
year huge help they're a giant part of
the core reason why we're actually able
to make it to Conti jex this year check
out their bitly link in the description
down below this video to see all the
stuff that they launched at Computex
2015 including a bunch of laptops with
Broadwell processors also thank you to
lynda.com/latoya comm slash Computex you
can start learning today with a 10 day
free trial don't forget to like dislike
favorite share subscribe follow all that
good stuff stay subscribed align
detectives to see all the rest of our
Computex 2015 content thanks for
watching I'll see you next time